GDAL 3.5.1-2 & MapServer 8.0.0 on EL9 (#64)
radiant-maxar/geoint-deps: docs/provenance.el9.md

The [mapserver](https://github.com/MapServer/MapServer) source archives are obtained directly from its [GitHub releases](https://github.com/MapServer/MapServer/releases).

> The [`mapserver.spec`](../SPECS/el9/mapserver.spec) file originate from [Fedora's `mapserver` RPM](https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/mapserver) and are released under the [Fedora license](./licenses/Fedora-LICENSE).

Reviewer: Minor typo.
```suggestion
The [`mapserver.spec`](../SPECS/el9/mapserver.spec) file originates from [Fedora's `mapserver` RPM](https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/mapserver) and is released under the [Fedora license](./licenses/Fedora-LICENSE).
```
